#!/usr/bin/env bash

echo-header "SETTING UP SYMLINKS..."

symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/alacritty       ~/.config/alacritty
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/bat             ~/.config/bat
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/calcurse        ~/.config/calcurse
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/chad-nvim       ~/.config/chad-nvim
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/doom-nvim       ~/.config/doom-nvim
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/gem             ~/.config/gem
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/git             ~/.config/git
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/hammerspoon     ~/.hammerspoon
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/irb             ~/.config/irb
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/irssi           ~/.config/irssi
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/karabiner       ~/.config/karabiner
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/kitty           ~/.config/kitty
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/limelight       ~/.config/limelight
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/molleweide-nvim ~/.config/molleweide-nvim
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/most            ~/.config/most
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/mpv             ~/.config/mpv
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/mutt            ~/.config/mutt
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/neovhy-nvim     ~/.config/neovhy-nvim
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/nnn             ~/.config/nnn
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/nvim            ~/.config/nvim
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/octave          ~/.config/octave
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/pry             ~/.config/pry
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/qutebrowser     ~/.config/qutebrowser
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/ranger          ~/.config/ranger
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/readline        ~/.config/readline
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/rvm             ~/.config/rvm
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/sc-im           ~/.config/sc-im
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/shell           ~/.config/shell
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/shell           ~/.config/shell
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/skhd            ~/.config/skhd
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/surfingkeys     ~/.config/surfingkeys
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/tg              ~/.config/tg
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/tmux            ~/.config/tmux
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/tmuxinator      ~/.config/tmuxinator
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/vscode          ~/.config/vscode
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/yabai           ~/.config/yabai
symlink-create $DOROTHY/user/config/zsh             ~/.config/zsh
# symlink-create home/.tmux/plugins/base16-tmux/tmuxcolors-dbalatero-base16.conf \
#     ~/.tmux/plugins/base16-tmux/tmuxcolors-dbalatero-base16.conf
