@document.meta
title: README
description:
authors: hjalmarjakobsson
categories:
created: 2025-02-23T14:23:00-0500
updated: 2025-02-23T14:23:26-0500
version: 1.1.1
@end

> I COLLECT DISCUSSIONS ABOUT PROS AND CONS ON USING ALIASES.


That makes perfect sense! Since most of your micro commands **run once and exit**, they won’t introduce any weird behavior, and only your **Neovim command** needs special handling to ensure it runs properly.

### **🚀 Best Approach for Your Use Case**
For commands that **run once and exit**, using scripts like:
```bash
#!/bin/bash
exec my_command "$@"
```
is perfect. The `exec` ensures that the script process is replaced with `my_command`, avoiding any unnecessary shells lingering in the background.

For **Neovim (or any long-running command)**, it’s better to also use `exec`, but there are **a few edge cases** to be aware of.

---

### **📌 Optimized `nvim` Command**
If your micro command is simply:
```bash
#!/bin/bash
exec nvim "$@"
```
Then it behaves exactly like running `nvim` directly, meaning:
- **It doesn’t create an extra shell process.**
- **It blocks the terminal** (which is expected).
- **When `nvim` exits, you return to the shell.**

---

### **⚠️ Potential Issues & Fixes**
1. **If You Want to Open `nvim` in a GUI Without Blocking the Terminal**
   If you use `neovide`, `nvim-qt`, or any other GUI version:
   ```bash
   #!/bin/bash
   nvim-qt "$@" & disown
   ```
   This runs `nvim-qt` **in the background** and **lets you keep using the terminal**.

2. **If You Want to Auto-Resume in `tmux` (Optional)**
   If you use `tmux` a lot and want to **automatically resume a session** when running `nvim`:
   ```bash
   #!/bin/bash
   exec tmux new-session -A -s nvim nvim "$@"
   ```
   This ensures that running `nvim` from anywhere will **always** bring up the same `tmux` session.

---

### **✅ Summary**
- **For most micro commands** → `exec my_command "$@"` keeps things clean and efficient.
- **For `nvim` (terminal mode)** → `exec nvim "$@"` (normal behavior).
- **For `nvim` (GUI mode)** → `nvim-qt "$@" & disown` (run in background).
- **For `nvim` with `tmux`** → `exec tmux new-session -A -s nvim nvim "$@"` (optional).

Would you like help tweaking any specific command? 🚀
